README.md, before:

# Information Disclosure Risk of Thumbnail-Preserving Encryption
Source code of the paper titled "Information Disclosure Risk of Thumbnail-Preserving Encryption" published in IEEE Transactions on Multimedia.

**Abstract:** With the rapid growth of cloud services, the storage of images in cloud environments requires secure and effective
data encryption methods. Many thumbnail-preserving encryption
(TPE) methods have thus been proposed to balance privacy and
usability of image data. However, the exposure of thumbnail
information in TPE methods may introduce privacy leakage risk,
and a systematic evaluation of their security has not yet been
conducted. In this paper, we propose a new Mamba-Transformer
cooperation Network (MTNet) to recover the original images
from the limited exposed thumbnail information, highlighting
the information disclosure problem in TPE. Specifically, the core
model component integrates a Mamba block and a Transformer
block, which employ the powerful capabilities of the Mamba
for wide field dependency modeling and the Transformer for
effective channel interaction. Besides, the cascade architecture
incorporates an intermediate output that provides supplementary information and achieves multilevel supervision, thereby
improving the quality of the final output. Finally, to better
utilize the subtle details in different levels, we propose a multi-scale fusion module that adaptively integrates features from
various stages of the encoding process. The experimental results
achieved by our proposed MTNet reveal that the privacy risk
associated with TPE is significantly underestimated and more
robust defense mechanisms are required.

<p align='center'>  
  <img src='https://github.com/HITLiXincodes/MTNet/blob/main/whole.png' width='870'/>
</p>
<p align='center'>  
  <em>Framework of MTNet.</em>
</p>

## How to use
### Train
To retrain the model, simply run train.py.
```
python train.py
```
You need to modify the relevant settings in the train.py file first.
**Make sure there are no subdirectories and that all encrypted images and ground truth files share the same filenames.**

```
input_dir: the path that you put the encrypted images
ground_dir: the path that you put the ground truth
lr_size: the size of thumbnails
hr_size: the size of reconstructed images
```

### Test
You can obtain the reconstructed images by running the test.py file.
Make sure to set the correct file paths and model weights path. For more details, please refer to test.py.
```
python test.py
```

### Pretrained-Weights
You can download the pretrained weights using the following links:
| Model | Description | Download link|
|:----------:|:------------:| :----------:|
| BE-4 | BE-TPE with block size 4 |[Baidu Yun (Code:m7u9)](https://pan.baidu.com/s/146fQ2hCi8Pp4AMgXsVl91w)|
| BE-8 | BE-TPE with block size 8 |[Baidu Yun (Code:yghh)](https://pan.baidu.com/s/1OqB06QFrb2hTuh_75CKg7Q)|
| BE-16 | BE-TPE with block size 16 |[Baidu Yun (Code:95xt)](https://pan.baidu.com/s/1GXfvivBtU46RocMMfWhzCA)|
| SP-4 | SP-TPE with block size 4 |[Baidu Yun (Code:hr8i)](https://pan.baidu.com/s/1fw-oPyilNqmDfwz-E8eiHQ)|
| SP-8 | SP-TPE with block size 8 |[Baidu Yun (Code:f2hc)](https://pan.baidu.com/s/1innDndVyf2Vd9Q2VrI89qw )|
| SP-16 | SP-TPE with block size 16 |[Baidu Yun (Code:8fft)](https://pan.baidu.com/s/1lAOdVRCSS8ETR27kjmtdog)|
| JPEG-4 | JPEG-TPE with block size 4|[Baidu Yun (Code:hw3t)](https://pan.baidu.com/s/1NUQcdAEp5jTve8TPc_51DA)|
| JPEG-8 | JPEG-TPE with block size 8|[Baidu Yun (Code:xqct)](https://pan.baidu.com/s/11g1zx0rl93FLHECK_86fnQ)|
| JPEG-16 | JPEG-TPE with block size 16 |[Baidu Yun (Code:k2na)](https://pan.baidu.com/s/1ZcPj2LZVTs9TT03hku79Zg)|
## Quick Start
```
import torch
import cv2
import numpy as np

device = torch.device('cuda:0' if torch.cuda.is_available() else 'cpu')
# =================== import Mapping Network =====================
import sys
sys.path.append('/home/ubuntu/hog/MTNet/train')
from model import MTNetModel
model_Generator = MTNetModel(device)
# model weights
pretrain_path=" "
model_Generator.load_pretrain_model(pretrain_path)
model_Generator.netG.eval()
# ========================================================
from PIL import Image
from torchvision.transforms import transforms
to_tensor = transforms.Compose([
            transforms.ToTensor(),
            transforms.Normalize((0.5, 0.5, 0.5), (0.5, 0.5, 0.5))
        ])
# image path
input_img_path = " "
img = Image.open(input_img_path).convert('RGB')
img = img.resize((32, 32), Image.BICUBIC)
img = img.resize((128, 128), Image.BICUBIC)
img = to_tensor(img).unsqueeze(0).to(device)

# ========================================================
with torch.no_grad():
    # ==================forward==================
    img_SR_coarse, img_SR = model_Generator.forward(img)
    img_SR = img_SR.detach().cpu()
    img = img_SR.squeeze()
    img = (img + 1) / 2
    im = (img.numpy().transpose(1, 2, 0) * 255).astype(int)
    cv2.imwrite(f'output.jpg',
                np.array([im[:, :, 2], im[:, :, 1], im[:, :, 0]]).transpose(1, 2, 0))

```
## Citation
Please cite our paper if this code helps you
```

```

Commit message:

Update README with BE-TPE image information
Added note about BE-TPE encrypted images in example folder.

README.md, after:

# Information Disclosure Risk of Thumbnail-Preserving Encryption
Source code of the paper titled "Information Disclosure Risk of Thumbnail-Preserving Encryption" published in IEEE Transactions on Multimedia.

**Abstract:** With the rapid growth of cloud services, the storage of images in cloud environments requires secure and effective
data encryption methods. Many thumbnail-preserving encryption
(TPE) methods have thus been proposed to balance privacy and
usability of image data. However, the exposure of thumbnail
information in TPE methods may introduce privacy leakage risk,
and a systematic evaluation of their security has not yet been
conducted. In this paper, we propose a new Mamba-Transformer
cooperation Network (MTNet) to recover the original images
from the limited exposed thumbnail information, highlighting
the information disclosure problem in TPE. Specifically, the core
model component integrates a Mamba block and a Transformer
block, which employ the powerful capabilities of the Mamba
for wide field dependency modeling and the Transformer for
effective channel interaction. Besides, the cascade architecture
incorporates an intermediate output that provides supplementary information and achieves multilevel supervision, thereby
improving the quality of the final output. Finally, to better
utilize the subtle details in different levels, we propose a multi-scale fusion module that adaptively integrates features from
various stages of the encoding process. The experimental results
achieved by our proposed MTNet reveal that the privacy risk
associated with TPE is significantly underestimated and more
robust defense mechanisms are required.

<p align='center'>  
  <img src='https://github.com/HITLiXincodes/MTNet/blob/main/whole.png' width='870'/>
</p>
<p align='center'>  
  <em>Framework of MTNet.</em>
</p>

## How to use
### Train
To retrain the model, simply run train.py.
```
python train.py
```
You need to modify the relevant settings in the train.py file first.
**Make sure there are no subdirectories and that all encrypted images and ground truth files share the same filenames.**

```
input_dir: the path that you put the encrypted images
ground_dir: the path that you put the ground truth
lr_size: the size of thumbnails
hr_size: the size of reconstructed images
```

### Test
You can obtain the reconstructed images by running the test.py file.
Make sure to set the correct file paths and model weights path. For more details, please refer to test.py.
```
python test.py
```

### Pretrained-Weights
You can download the pretrained weights using the following links:
| Model | Description | Download link|
|:----------:|:------------:| :----------:|
| BE-4 | BE-TPE with block size 4 |[Baidu Yun (Code:m7u9)](https://pan.baidu.com/s/146fQ2hCi8Pp4AMgXsVl91w)|
| BE-8 | BE-TPE with block size 8 |[Baidu Yun (Code:yghh)](https://pan.baidu.com/s/1OqB06QFrb2hTuh_75CKg7Q)|
| BE-16 | BE-TPE with block size 16 |[Baidu Yun (Code:95xt)](https://pan.baidu.com/s/1GXfvivBtU46RocMMfWhzCA)|
| SP-4 | SP-TPE with block size 4 |[Baidu Yun (Code:hr8i)](https://pan.baidu.com/s/1fw-oPyilNqmDfwz-E8eiHQ)|
| SP-8 | SP-TPE with block size 8 |[Baidu Yun (Code:f2hc)](https://pan.baidu.com/s/1innDndVyf2Vd9Q2VrI89qw )|
| SP-16 | SP-TPE with block size 16 |[Baidu Yun (Code:8fft)](https://pan.baidu.com/s/1lAOdVRCSS8ETR27kjmtdog)|
| JPEG-4 | JPEG-TPE with block size 4|[Baidu Yun (Code:hw3t)](https://pan.baidu.com/s/1NUQcdAEp5jTve8TPc_51DA)|
| JPEG-8 | JPEG-TPE with block size 8|[Baidu Yun (Code:xqct)](https://pan.baidu.com/s/11g1zx0rl93FLHECK_86fnQ)|
| JPEG-16 | JPEG-TPE with block size 16 |[Baidu Yun (Code:k2na)](https://pan.baidu.com/s/1ZcPj2LZVTs9TT03hku79Zg)|
## Quick Start
```
import torch
import cv2
import numpy as np

device = torch.device('cuda:0' if torch.cuda.is_available() else 'cpu')
# =================== import Mapping Network =====================
import sys
sys.path.append('/home/ubuntu/hog/MTNet/train')
from model import MTNetModel
model_Generator = MTNetModel(device)
# model weights
pretrain_path=" "
model_Generator.load_pretrain_model(pretrain_path)
model_Generator.netG.eval()
# ========================================================
from PIL import Image
from torchvision.transforms import transforms
to_tensor = transforms.Compose([
            transforms.ToTensor(),
            transforms.Normalize((0.5, 0.5, 0.5), (0.5, 0.5, 0.5))
        ])
# image path
# We have provided some BE-TPE encrypted images in the example folder
input_img_path = " "
img = Image.open(input_img_path).convert('RGB')
img = img.resize((32, 32), Image.BICUBIC)
img = img.resize((128, 128), Image.BICUBIC)
img = to_tensor(img).unsqueeze(0).to(device)

# ========================================================
with torch.no_grad():
    # ==================forward==================
    img_SR_coarse, img_SR = model_Generator.forward(img)
    img_SR = img_SR.detach().cpu()
    img = img_SR.squeeze()
    img = (img + 1) / 2
    im = (img.numpy().transpose(1, 2, 0) * 255).astype(int)
    cv2.imwrite(f'output.jpg',
                np.array([im[:, :, 2], im[:, :, 1], im[:, :, 0]]).transpose(1, 2, 0))

```
## Citation
Please cite our paper if this code helps you
```

```
